Ten minutes made me negative about the Qin family.
Why didn't you say ten minutes to make the Ding ball negative?
Don't deserve it! The Lin family member will know it right away.
If you remove it now, you need to remove less of the nose and mouth.
Mr. Liu, don’t make the same mistake again and again.
You think I'm acting, right?
Wealth Bank cannot be upright or dishonest.
Even if Qianyi himself can be poached,
If you want to squat the whole time,
It seems that the big shot won't finish the run with a show, okay?
What the hell do you dare to say ten minutes? This is the biggest dialing.
That person with 500 billion capital came to Yangzhou City to lay out the layout. We are tired of paying for production.
Where is my strength?
Do you want to compete with the people in the 10 billion asset store of Fortune Bank?
I borrowed hundreds of billions of dollars to dream of living in the youthful city of Yangju.
It's just a joke
Mr. Ye also comes with me for a chance
I've given a chance ten times
I'll give you three or three colors, whichever one you choose?
Do you only have a chance to defeat the beast?
You can finally sit down
The newbies will be here later.
Everyone will listen to your plea
Who is so bold
How dare you make fun of the Ming family?